# SHREC 2022: Fitting and recognition of simple geometric primitives on point clouds

This repository the routines that were used to produced the results in [1], which were tested on a 2019 MacBook pro running MacOS Monterey version 12.4. The numbering of figures and tables refers to the ArXiv version of the paper. The dataset and the ground truths behind the benchmark can be found at:

https://github.com/chiararomanengo/SHREC2022.git

### Before running
The folders foung in the link above should be placed as follows:
- The folder `benchmark` should be placed at the same level as `results`.
- The folder `methods` should be placed inside `results`. 
Note that these folders are collected in a separate GitHub repository as the size limit for GRSI is set at 500 MB.

### The files
Figures 8-10 can be generated by running the python scripts "figure8.py", "figure9.py", "figure10a.py", "figure10b.py" and "figure10c.py". No manual change is required.

Classification measures in Table 1 and in Tables 3-12 are obtained by running the python script "classification_measures.py". Table 1 is obtained by setting `config['specify']=0` inside the file. Similarly, Tables 3-12 are obtained by setting `config['specify']=k`, with k=1,...,10.

Fitting and recognition measures in Table 2 and in Tables 13-22 are obtained by running the python scripts "fitting_measures_Haus_analysis.py", "fitting_measures_L2.py" and "fitting_measures_MFE.py". Table 2 is obtained by setting `config['specify']=0` inside the files. Similarly, Tables 13-22 are obtained by setting `config['specify']=k`, with k=1,...,10.


### References
[1]  C. Romanengo, A. Raffo, S. Biasotti, B. Falcidieno, V. Fotis, I. Romanelis, E. Psatha, K. Moustakas, I. Sipiran, Q.-T. Nguyen, C.-B. Chu, K.-N. Nguyen-Ngoc, D.-K. Vo, T.-A. To, N.-T. Nguyen, N.-Q. Le-Pham, H.-D. Nguyen, M.-T. Tran, Y. Qie, N. Anwer. "SHREC 2022: Fitting and recognition of simple geometric primitives on point clouds". ArXiv: arXiv:2206.07636.

